docs/source/user_guide/installation.md, before:

# Installation

## Requirements

GEddySoft requires Python 3.11.7 or higher and the following packages:
- hdfdict
- diptest
- Other dependencies listed in requirements.txt:

```{include} ../../../requirements.txt
:code: text
```

## Installation Steps

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/BernardHeinesch/GEddySoft.git
   cd GEddySoft
   ```

2. Create and activate a virtual environment (recommended):
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   ```

3. Install required packages:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. Install GEddySoft in development mode:
   ```bash
   pip install -e .
   ```

## Verification

To verify the installation:

1. Check Python version:
   ```bash
   python --version  # Should be 3.11.7 or higher
   ```

2. Try importing key dependencies:
   ```python
   import numpy
   import pandas
   import h5py
   import hdfdict
   import diptest
   ```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues during installation:

1. Ensure you have Python 3.11.7 or higher
2. Check that all required dependencies are installed
3. Verify your system meets the minimum requirements
4. Contact the maintainer if problems persist

Commit message:

Update documentation: improve welcome page content and rebuild docs

docs/source/user_guide/installation.md, after:

# Installation

## Requirements

GEddySoft requires Python 3.11.7 or higher and the following dependencies:

### Core Dependencies
All core dependencies are listed in requirements.txt and will be automatically installed:
- numpy: For numerical computations
- pandas: For data handling and time series operations
- scipy: For signal processing and statistical functions
- matplotlib: For plotting routines
- h5py: For HDF5 file operations
- hdfdict: For HDF5 dictionary operations
- diptest: For statistical tests

### Documentation Dependencies
These are only needed if you want to build the documentation locally:
- sphinx
- myst-parser
- sphinx-rtd-theme

All dependencies with their version requirements are listed in requirements.txt:

```{include} ../../../requirements.txt
:code: text
```

## Installation Steps

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/BernardHeinesch/GEddySoft.git
   cd GEddySoft
   ```

2. Create and activate a virtual environment (recommended):
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   ```

3. Install required packages:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. Install GEddySoft in development mode:
   ```bash
   pip install -e .
   ```

## Verification

To verify the installation:

1. Check Python version:
   ```bash
   python --version  # Should be 3.11.7 or higher
   ```

2. Try importing key dependencies:
   ```python
   import numpy
   import pandas
   import h5py
   import hdfdict
   import diptest
   ```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues during installation:

1. Ensure you have Python 3.11.7 or higher
2. Check that all required dependencies are installed
3. Verify your system meets the minimum requirements
4. Contact the maintainer if problems persist
